I decide nitrous oxide for the first
time I was at the dentist and I'm
sitting in the seat and he comes in and
it goes okay Bob now you're gonna feel a
little prick in your mouth I said you
know we're gonna need a lot more guests
before that starts happening
bottle of wine wouldn't hurt either
really you know actually the dentist
taught me that my penis is the most
important thing on my body he really did
because I had to get x-rays and you know
they have that x-ray thing that's right
up in your eye and then they run down
the hall into the bomb shelter you know
that don't move but they cover your
groin with a lead shield but your brain
they leave exposed oh let's watch the TV
I saw this commercial laid out of ten
people suffer from hemorrhoids what are
the other two enjoy him
and why are hemorrhoids called
hemorrhoids and asteroids called
asteroids wouldn't it make more sense if
it was the other way around
then if that was true you wouldn't be a
proctologist you'd be an astronaut
so I went to the doctor for complete
physical I had to get this thing called
the sigmoidoscopy they have something
like this long
I'm not kidding and the doctor goes now
Robert today I'm gonna stick this up
your ass
I said why was I late with a bill he
said no don't be alarmed it's just to
look around for what a parking space
something what you're looking for and
I'll tell you where it is and he says
this detects blood in your colon if you
use that I can make a prediction right
now
made me lay down velcro my arms to my
sides turns me upside down he starts
feeding it in like I thought I was gonna
turn around and see my cable guy there
said you might feel a little pressure
yeah on the roof of my mouth get it out
I have a teenage daughter she came home
from school a couple of months ago and
she said hey Dad they taught us about
condoms in school today and they showed
us how to put them on and everything sit
on what she said well the teacher rolled
it down on a cucumber and my wife said
boy they setting you up for a letdown
sex is funny so dr. Ruth on TV she says
that it's normal to masturbate you know
when I was growing up my mom said Bob
when you masturbate all your dead
relatives are watching but then I
figured who are they gonna tell dr. Ruth
she says a lot of men suffer from
premature ejaculation that's not true
women suffer that's been a great crowd
thank you very very much special even
during sex we can't stop eating
how much external stimulus do you need
to take your mind off of food oh man my
house is on fire
marshmallows this is a Scottish person
talking to right now hello how are you
very nice to be here this would be an
Irish person diddly-dee potatoes did he
ever